You, my dear, can you say goodbye?
Why are you ignoring me? I will be your mother from now on?
You said you were too disappointed with your mother, are you coming back again? What?
Hello, yes, mom is here?
Why are you back?
Are you still a child?
How could you arrest him? Why do you have to talk to me like this?
You are just looking out for the protection of my family.
As for Ali, Gu Yue, have you called City Half?
I want to marry the city,
Then he calls me mother for life,
What's wrong?
Dad, Dad, please ask my room
I will no longer call you mom
I will make you hurt again
Mr. sister-in-law
What shoes are you holding on to?
How about not letting your children recognize anyone other than you?
Thought you were Yue, your biological mother
It is my deep love for her that I love you
I just want to be in the position where I hurt myself.
You haven't seen your own identity either
Fuck you
Don't make any mistakes, otherwise
Wait until Chen and I get married
your own children
This little testimony of yours
Can you have a good life? Xiao Siqin
Mom doesn’t want this
I don’t know who I gave birth to, and the little one testifies that life is hard.
You'd better take him with you
Li Chen is a member of the Gu family, or else
Unsure of the day he will be born
He can't do it anymore